Add all code to this folder. Functions should go in a separate folder called Functions.

- **Clean\_WP4\_vegetation\_measurements\_DURIN_data.R** cleans data from the "Vegetation measurements" datasheet, i.e measurements of height of general top and bottom canopy, main stem length, stem diameter close to the ground on up to three individuals of dwarf-shrubs focal species located in the plot; and top and bottom height of graminoids (up to 3 locations) and forbs (up to 3 individuals) in the control and removal DURIN plots. 

- **Clean\_WP4\_trees\_measurements.R** cleans data from the "Trees (and shrubs) measurements" datasheet, i.e. measurements of height (based on angle of canopy), girth and crown diameter of the three closest trees in the "large" DURIN plot (defined as a circle of 10m of radius centered on the center of the DURIN plot) relative to the center of the associated DURIN plot. 
- **Clean\_WP4_shrubs\_measurements.R** cleans data from the "(Trees and) Shrubs measurements" datasheet, i.e. measurements of height (generally measured with a ruler, alternatively with angles to canopy), girth and crown diameter of the three closest shrubs in the "large" DURIN plot (defined as a circle of 10m of radius centered on the center of the DURIN plot) relative to the center of the associated DURIN plot.
- **Clean\_WP4\_dwarf-shrubs\_lab\_measurements\_Biomass.R** prepares and process data from the "Above-ground biomass measurements" datasheet for the dwarf-shrubs focal species that were taken in the lab after the field season. Indeed, in the Southern sites (Lygra, Sogndal), not all the measurements of stem length and stem diameter on the replicate dwarf-shrub individuals were taken in the field. They were taken in the lab, in a complementary database that unfortunately did not match completely the original field datasheet. This code merges the measurements from the North and South plots for the next cleaning step (R script: Clean\_WP4\_dwarf-shrubs\_measurements\_Biomass\_plots.R). This needs to be run before this next cleaning step (see just below).
- **Clean\_WP4\_dwarf-shrubs\_measurements\_Biomass\_plots.R** cleans data from the "Above-ground biomass measurements" datasheet for the dwarf-shrubs focal species harvested, i.e. measurements of plant cover of each species, top height (in/outside plot if individual both in and outside of the plot) of harvested individuals, stem diameter close to the ground (in and outside of the plot) of harvested individuals, main stem length (in and outside of the plot) of harvested individuals and total number of individuals in the plot (with and without harvested individuals) in the Extra WP4 biomass removal plots (25X25 cm plot generally located close to the DURIN plot).
- **Clean\_WP4\_dwarf-shrubs\_biomass\_weights.R** cleans the dataset of biomass weights for dwarf-shrubs (EN, VV, VM, and CV). This is an ongoing work in the lab. It merges some columns to provide variables that make sense for further analysis. 
- **Merge\_biomass\_weight\_and\_measures.R** merges the dwarf-shrubs biomass weight database with the measurements that were taken on the replicate individuals in the field. It corrects some discrepancies in plot names. Should be run only after cleaning both databases with the previous R scripts.
- **Clean\_WP4\_MFGL\_measurements\_Biomass\_plots.R** cleans data from the "Above-ground biomass measurements" datasheet for the Moss, Forbs, Graminoids, Litter and Lichen harvested, i.e. measurements of plant cover (moss, forbs, graminoids, litter, lichen, vascular, bare rock, bare soil), top height (at four spots in the plot: moss depth, graminoids, forbs, and vegetative/photosynthetic canopy), in the Extra WP4 biomass removal plots (25X25 cm plot generally located close to the DURIN plot).
- - **old_Biomass\_weighing\_Analysis.R** is an old script that quickly processes and analyses the weight measurements on the WP4 biomass plots, for now for Vaccinium vitis-idaea individuals only (from VV replicate plots). It is not updated with the last version of the database.